#summary Getting started with filters
#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation

The filters created using Pixel Pender have to use the `flash.filters.ShaderFilter` base class.
In the stdpx library, every filter extends the `ShaderFilter` class. This way, you may use any filter in the usual way :

{{{
import stdpx.filters.*;

// Applies a HSVColorFilter filter to myDisplayObject.
// All previous filters are removed.
myDisplayObject.filters = [new HSVColorFilter()];
}}}

When possible, each filter can be configured when calling its constructor.
{{{
// Applies a HSVColorFilter filter to myDisplayObject. Its hue is rotated by `+30°`, its saturation is decreased by `10`, and its value increased by `5`.
myDisplayObject.filters = [new HSVColorFilter(30,-10,5)];
}}}

Like all other elements of the stdpx library, every filter implements the `stdpx.types.IDescribedShader` interface in order to access the shader metadata. See the related wiki page for more information and examples.

The `stdpx.util.FilterUtil` class allows you to manipulate filters applied to any `DisplayObject`. The available methods are shortcuts of the following common tasks : 

  # Adding a filter at the beginning of the filter chain. This filter will be applied before all other filters will be applied.
  # Adding a filter at the end of the filter chain. This filter will be applied after all other filters have been applied.
  # Removing duplicate filters in a filter chain. Two filters are considered duplicates if they are instances of the same class. This method does not process filters extending the `flash.filters.ShaderFilter` class. Indeed, Flash Player does not keep the real type of the shader filters ; they are all considered to extend `flash.filters.ShaderFilter` after having been applied.

